CDRIVER-4272: Add options and code to load the csfle dynamic library (#968)
mongodb/mongo-c-driver: src/libmongoc/doc/mongoc_auto_encryption_opts_set_extra.rst

* ``mongocryptdBypassSpawn`` set to true to prevent the driver from spawning the mongocryptd process (default behavior is to spawn).
* ``mongocryptdSpawnPath`` set to a path (with trailing slash) to search for mongocryptd (defaults to empty string and uses default system paths).
* ``mongocryptdSpawnArgs`` set to an array of string arguments to pass to ``mongocryptd`` when spawning (defaults to ``[ "--idleShutdownTimeoutSecs=60" ]``).
* ``csflePath`` - Set a filepath string referring to a ``csfle`` dynamic library

>   file. Default is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  file. Unset by default.
```
To avoid confusion with "undefined behavior".

>   * If not specified (the default), ``libmongocrypt`` will attempt to load

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If not set (the default), ``libmongocrypt`` will attempt to load
```
Wording consistency with suggestion above.

    ``csfle`` using the host system's default dynamic-library-search system.

>   * If used, should be the path to the ``csfle`` dynamic library file itself,
>     not just the directory that contains it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If set, the pathshould be to the ``csfle`` dynamic library file itself,
    not the directory that contains it.
```

  * If the given path is a relative path and the first path component is
    ``$ORIGIN``, the ``$ORIGIN`` component will be replaced with the absolute
    path to the directory containing the ``libmongocrypt`` library in use by the
    application.

>     .. note:: No other ``RPATH``/``RUNPATH``-style substitutions are availbale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: No other ``RPATH``/``RUNPATH``-style substitutions are available.
```

>   * If the given path is a relative path, the path will be resolves relative to
>     the working directory of the operating system process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the given path is a relative path, the path will be resolved relative to
    the working directory of the operating system process.
```

>   * If this option is specified and ``libmongocrypt`` fails to load ``csfle``
>     from that filepath, ``libmongocrypt`` will fail to initialize with a
>     hard-error, and will not attempt to search for ``csfle`` in any other
>     locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If this option is set and ``libmongocrypt`` fails to load ``csfle``
    from the given filepath, ``libmongocrypt`` will fail to initialize with a
    hard-error and will not attempt to search for ``csfle`` in any other
    locations.
```

* ``csfleRequired`` - If set to ``true``, and ``libmongocrypt`` fails to load a

>   ``csfle`` dynamic library, generate a hard-error and do not attempt to spawn

Reviewer: Does a "hard-error" constitute something more than libmongocrypt initialization failure?

Author: The "hard-error" means that initialization fails rather than error-and-continue (as with the case of searching). This should be made more clear.
